such a friend announcement hears it
or not I am afraid of you and is
with totally wayne i am right now
somehow i have to work after i
always have four quarters after four
my mobile co comes first patrick
has sent you a picture in what what
a picture could well be checks
I look at it and it's ruppin
and tell her remakes officially
been announced now just before
half an hour and holy shit my
friends I'm just that kind of
I'm just exploding inside
or I implode even when I was digging
could cause air to tear up
unbelievable so I'm just like that now
what was loaded is not in life
expected that now in may
in this decreed at the previous year
only so bristles and bad weather
and above all, that there are two
new positions and now hold your own
for the november of this year
announced if that means we have to
do not even wait four months or just
sometimes four months
I will give my computer the edition
maybe even sometime in december
came out was indeed the case with xy
is this before that comes in
september or october no idea then
I came a logical month later
out but that's totally wayne new
position omega ruby and 11 sapphire yes
the hinterland and video upload and
So without a lot of footage so well
the only thing you see there is
really such a small teaser more
not it is nothing to see ingame and
Only the two cover last games too
see and fill needs to be said
Alone this video already has
enough for me to quiver in the lust
and to release with joy
how is it with you from my friends
yes i do i just say this video
As a small comeback we also have the days
there's videos promised here
german cup championship at now
This weekend I have a lot there
Have a nice time!
incredible
And yes, I always have it now
also a little bit clean up so far
wiped away in erkrath and so on and on
so not clear that on but that
was really such a bomb the
nintendo has therefore let which burst
not counting in life before all
not that in november 2014
comes out that's that's is a four
months in four words we have the
new pokémon editions in hand and
would never have expected that in life
which is now so short or so short
be announced and then also
So yes, I'm looking forward to it
every case again on a 3ds
Execution of the fighting zone the first and
the best fight scene ever
Pokemon gave the first thing ingame
really also strategically extreme
demanded the fight zone with mine
Brother excluded and so on
on and on or hit that was
pretty awesome so let me
your thoughts on the two new ones
pokémon edition now in four months
already appearing to be heard
you follow the most and yes
I just write in the
comments I am pleased as I said on
Most on the fighting zone and possibly
become now
yogurt even plays an important role
Maybe the two sound
even mega developments, I even think
pretty kohls and mega developers from bonn
or such a mega development of kay
uwe would have somehow like him
all these elements from xy now
in this 39 here in the third because with
that's going to be pretty good
awesome, I'm really looking forward to it
I'm very loaded because I could
explode I could crush things
and what I know but what good should
now only a small announcement
video for you
link to pisa is the description and
also a link to the article at coco beach
is the description
pull yourself in and see you there
Main driver will see you soon